let's go let's go let's go quick now
Fargo can be duck liver goose liver this
is actually duck liver and actually
looks like a sort of block of butter we
get it really nice and crispy on the
sides and inside it should be served
slightly pink but you gotta be quick
we're leaving the pan too long it
disappears let's go most people would
never think of cooking foie gras but
it's so simple don't leave it to the
restaurant chefs tried at home is easier
than frying an egg good more salt one
here please come on taste it first of
all let me show you don't worry about
starting with oil you know that you know
foie gras is 90% what fat that's a white
button fat in the pan
stupid Nick stupidly which piece of then
would you put in first the biggest why
it takes longer to cook good second
biggest third biggest and smallest in
right now we take off the heat yeah
there's enough heat in there to still
color it till the pan helps cook the
back of the Frog oh yes then back on the
heat and turn it around again look at
the difference in color now to there now
it's time to break down until the pan
back up and then just a little glaze
over yeah nicely and they should all
come out evenly yes turn them around
again carefully yes I'm serving the foie
gras on a better Queen lentils don't use
red lentils as they'll turn to mush they
cook together with what we call a Bryn
was that's finely chopped vegetables
that have been sauteed then I bind the
whole thing together with a fragrant
herb vinaigrette
Pargo on the lentils let's go
are you happy with those yes like the
plates go send it second time Matthew
Table five foie gras excites a lot of
passion because some people think it's
cruel but I think is delicious and you
should try everything at least once I
was a foie gras virgin before I came
here and I really wanted to try it so
definitely a definitely other choice the
taste like butter it tastes like the
most delicious velvety buttery creamy
deliciousness that just slivers down his
throats most fabulous taste in your
mouth it's slightly crispy but then
inside it's all just like velvet
stroking you inside your mouth delicious
well I thought I thought the starter is
quite nice actually really lovely nice
and smooth worked with the vegetables
and then it's someone I couldn't
possibly cook myself really I heard the
girl on the next table say oh I'm not
eating that
so we kind of had a word with our waiter
who negotiated that that plate came over
here as well oh well yeah really well
thank you very much enjoy the phone oh
yeah lovely yes so many times a week we
joined out normally well I eat out loads
because I can't I can't cook to save my
life I've probably got few crackers and
some
in the cupboard mamas I thought you had
to come some along the line no well she
tried but she kind of gave up with me
and when I was about 22 she got me a
walk and said you can't go wrong you
should check everything in and cook it
and I cooked fish with vegetables I
didn't cut the fish properly and I was
sick for about 12 days and the opposite
sent us I'm so ill Gordon I can't do it
again for eating out rather than cooking
like you cooking for me how can I
compete with that and main course
wrecking lamb yeah we're larger potatoes
courgettes provençale tomatoes herbs
light vinaigrette again and I'll be back
after that please eat it all
anyways leave the bones you know you're
the man of my dreams first one is hoping
to make sure I eat it on a clean plate
enjoy your lamb pink medium well-done no
chance pink no go eat raw meat
now oh dear mr. Corin Gordon another day
another meal yep another day another
meal so guilty going out to eat for a
living I never feel guilty about
anything at all
and what's the Wonder work we like to
actually be a food critic sort of 365
days a year
unimaginably good so much better than
being a chef I can't any listen before
Christmas it's really important I would
love to have a food critic in the
kitchen just to show you an insight or
is like doing a full day's work and
being up at 6 o'clock in the morning
it's like saying that's nice aim to a
policeman I'd like to spend a day in
prison I know it's bad in there that's
why I'm not in there as a critic what do
you think the starter I've had better
but then I have to have so much it's a
great piece of program you know so it's
a dead there from there from nice duck
Tommy yeah they're Hungarian yeah but in
terms of but in terms of the provenance
of it it's nice to know at least it came
from I'm quite enough to you about their
sort thing there is a rumor okay but you
weren't interested ones I'd actually
asked the name of the pig before you get
it yes I have done that but really the
name of the farm will do and even though
you you love for me you're more and more
into this you've got something going on
at home which is fairly sort of Hugh
fairly written sources of Harmony I mean
I live in the city I want my children to
learn and
and where their food comes from what's
this for Turkey salute me that's right
and why they got so much space run
around and get what exercise exactly get
fat and exercise surprise surprise
Corden's had one of his fantastic ideas
which I'm not exactly over the moon
about he's decided that we are going to
grow Christmas lunch he wants to make
the children understand that Christmas
lunch
you know actually comes from somewhere
not just from the supermarket so we're
gonna fatten up the turkeys and grow our
own vegetables but make I think you
really attached them you know that
Holly there we've tough old Birds
I want to hear the noise oh no louder
but if I go quick jump on corn quick
jump and again jump and again jump
they've got to be in this pen and we've
got to keep them away from the foxes we
got a problem in this setting with foxes
because there's a lot of them around
this woods behind and what we're gonna
do is enclose everything with wire
chicken wire and we're gonna bury that
into the ground 18 inches who's gonna
help me me my wants perfect garden but
I've spent all summer having landscape
gardeners he's now going to be ruined
if you're naughty you're sleeping out
here with the Turkish as well yes okay
you understand what we're here don't you
yeah we're gonna choose six of these
birds to take home okay to fatten up for
Christmas are you hungry
what do I do one we have both bronze and
white turkeys they're all free-range so
there's very little difference in it the
bronze are just a little bit game you're
in flavor
it's just personal preference really
Chris needs six turkeys for Christmas
the idea bring them here today was to
sort of give them a sense of where they
come from to make them understand that
Christmas Day isn't just coming out of a
supermarket Jack and we caught one yet
come on we've got 4,000 turkeys here on
this farm yes how old are they these are
16 weeks old is missing and they go
right up to 24 of these will be about 24
weeks when what's the difference in
weight will show the bronze turkeys from
about 7 or 8 pounds oven ready right up
to sort of 30 pounds around
okay trim or whatever yeah good go
turkeys need a diet which is rich in
cereals and so we put at least 70%
weight barley oats into the diet and
that gives us a lovely finish and and
that gives you a marvelous Christmas run
today daddy's driving they're [ __ ]
themselves hauling them welcome you home
now we have to think of some names for
them and I thought okay because there's
six of them okay we got one each
okay we'll name them after chefs okay
yes
yours is called Gary that's always
spikey bum Gary
yours walks a bit funny so we'll call
him Jamie oh no look there is the
stubble one down the end then one who
wants to be on the lonely bird that's
Delia what's yours called Lily by
Anthony that's right the little dumpy
one like you Oh Jack look after Nigella
this is the real sort of happy chirpy
chappy with a big neck
we'll call him Ainsley Lily Lily why
don't we take them through just show
them the oven very quickly fitted right
listen listen listen listen listen we
got to roast them soon Antony [ __ ] all
over check he's underneath there look
right put him into bed now please come
on Anthony move your ass that's right
one little kiss on the breast you asking
say goodnight hi Chris I could hey I'm
fine I'm doing you good good good
that's lady different meeting Turkey
however yeah but y'all have got a so
just make sure my turkeys are fine with
you I can guarantee that the turkeys on
fine order getting very plump and
[ __ ] everywhere just just just just
put it down to experience yo there's
about this money any tips that you may
have that I could pick up on to sort of
I suppose make them feel a bit more at
home just make sure they got plenty of
room yes so plenty of food water and you
let them in and out each day at in time
okay right and maybe give them a bit
more grass when they've eaten off all
the graphs are that real pen you got me
give them all gasps it's worth it so now
I don't those plump breasts are gonna
taste a lot better than more grass than
my back garden sheets I written to you
okay we don't cut yourself there you go
nice big long strokes nice big long
strokes of the notes and there you go
close your eyes